[MO] - [connects2i] -> with pull-secret (#3499)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: development-docs/TESTING.md

To set custom Kafka version in system tests you need to set the environment variable `ST_KAFKA_VERSION` to one of the values in [kafka-versions](kafka-versions.yaml).

#### Using private registries

If you want use private registries, before executing the tests you have to create secret and then specify name of the created secret in env variable called

> `STRIMZI_IMAGE_PULL_SECRET` with the container registry credentials to be able pull images. Note that secret has to be created in `default` namespace.

Reviewer: I wonder if the name is confusing given the existence of `STRIMZI_IMAGE_PULL_SECRETS` in Cluster Operator.

Author: I have changed it to -> `SYSTEM_TEST_STRIMZI_IMAGE_PULL_SECRET` as @Frawless suggested.

To set the log level of Strimzi for system tests you need to set the environment variable `STRIMZI_DEFAULT_LOG_LEVEL` with one of the following values: `ERROR`, `WARNING`, `INFO`, `DEBUG`, `TRACE`.

## Using private registries

> If you want use private registries, before executing the tests you have to create secret with the name `pull-secret` to be able pull image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want use private registries, before executing the tests you have to create secret with the name `pull-secret` with the container registry credentials to be able pull images.
```

Author: Changed thanks

> If you want use private registries, before executing the tests you have to create secret with the name `pull-secret` with the container registry credentials to be able pull images.

Reviewer 2: Wouldn't be better to specify pull-secret name by env variable?
